README.md, before:

# spell

[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/eskriett/spell?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/eskriett/spell)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/eskriett/spell)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/eskriett/spell)

A blazing fast spell checker written in Go.

__N.B.__ This library is still in early development and may change.

## Overview

```go
package main

import (
    "fmt"

    "github.com/eskriett/spell"
)

func main() {

    // Create a new instance of spell
    s := spell.New()

    // Add words to the dictionary. Words require a frequency, but can have
    // other arbitrary metadata associated with them
    s.AddEntry(spell.Entry{
        Word: "two",
        WordData: spell.WordData{
            "frequency": 100,
            "type":      "number",
        },
    })
    s.AddEntry(spell.Entry{
        Word: "town",
        WordData: spell.WordData{
            "frequency": 10,
            "type":      "noun",
        },
    })

    // Lookup a misspelling, by default the "best" suggestion will be returned
    suggestions, _ := s.Lookup("twon")
    fmt.Printf("%v\n", suggestions)
    // -> [two]

    // Get metadata from the suggestion
    suggestion := suggestions[0]
    fmt.Printf("%v\n", suggestion.WordData["type"])
    // -> number

    // Get multiple suggestions during lookup
    suggestions, _ = s.Lookup("twon", spell.SuggestionLevel(spell.LevelAll))
    fmt.Printf("%v\n", suggestions)
    // -> [two, town]

    // Save the dictionary
    s.Save("dict.spell")

    // Load the dictionary
    s2, _ := spell.Load("dict.spell")

    suggestions, _ = s2.Lookup("twon", spell.SuggestionLevel(spell.LevelAll))
    fmt.Printf("%v\n", suggestions)
    // -> [two, town]

    // Spell supports word segmentation
    s3 := spell.New()

    wd := spell.WordData{"frequency": 1}
    s3.AddEntry(spell.Entry{Word: "the", WordData: wd})
    s3.AddEntry(spell.Entry{Word: "quick", WordData: wd})
    s3.AddEntry(spell.Entry{Word: "brown", WordData: wd})
    s3.AddEntry(spell.Entry{Word: "fox", WordData: wd})

    segmentResult, _ := s3.Segment("thequickbrownfox")
    fmt.Println(segmentResult)
    // -> the quick brown fox
}
```

## Credits

Spell makes use of a symmetric delete algorithm and is loosely based on the
[SymSpell](https://github.com/wolfgarbe/SymSpell) implementation.

Commit message:

Update README.md and LICENSE.md files.

README.md, after:

# SMARTY DISCLAIMER: Subject to the terms of the associated license agreement, this software is freely available for your use. This software is FREE, AS IN PUPPIES, and is a gift. Enjoy your new responsibility. This means that while we may consider enhancement requests, we may or may not choose to entertain requests at our sole and absolute discretion.

# spell

[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/eskriett/spell?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/eskriett/spell)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/eskriett/spell)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/eskriett/spell)

A blazing fast spell checker written in Go.

__N.B.__ This library is still in early development and may change.

## Overview

```go
package main

import (
    "fmt"

    "github.com/eskriett/spell"
)

func main() {

    // Create a new instance of spell
    s := spell.New()

    // Add words to the dictionary. Words require a frequency, but can have
    // other arbitrary metadata associated with them
    s.AddEntry(spell.Entry{
        Word: "two",
        WordData: spell.WordData{
            "frequency": 100,
            "type":      "number",
        },
    })
    s.AddEntry(spell.Entry{
        Word: "town",
        WordData: spell.WordData{
            "frequency": 10,
            "type":      "noun",
        },
    })

    // Lookup a misspelling, by default the "best" suggestion will be returned
    suggestions, _ := s.Lookup("twon")
    fmt.Printf("%v\n", suggestions)
    // -> [two]

    // Get metadata from the suggestion
    suggestion := suggestions[0]
    fmt.Printf("%v\n", suggestion.WordData["type"])
    // -> number

    // Get multiple suggestions during lookup
    suggestions, _ = s.Lookup("twon", spell.SuggestionLevel(spell.LevelAll))
    fmt.Printf("%v\n", suggestions)
    // -> [two, town]

    // Save the dictionary
    s.Save("dict.spell")

    // Load the dictionary
    s2, _ := spell.Load("dict.spell")

    suggestions, _ = s2.Lookup("twon", spell.SuggestionLevel(spell.LevelAll))
    fmt.Printf("%v\n", suggestions)
    // -> [two, town]

    // Spell supports word segmentation
    s3 := spell.New()

    wd := spell.WordData{"frequency": 1}
    s3.AddEntry(spell.Entry{Word: "the", WordData: wd})
    s3.AddEntry(spell.Entry{Word: "quick", WordData: wd})
    s3.AddEntry(spell.Entry{Word: "brown", WordData: wd})
    s3.AddEntry(spell.Entry{Word: "fox", WordData: wd})

    segmentResult, _ := s3.Segment("thequickbrownfox")
    fmt.Println(segmentResult)
    // -> the quick brown fox
}
```

## Credits

Spell makes use of a symmetric delete algorithm and is loosely based on the
[SymSpell](https://github.com/wolfgarbe/SymSpell) implementation.
